[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: I like that we can
have such a diverse group of people all
learning similar technologies and
solving very different
problems all over the world.
I think that's cool.
And I appreciate you all taking some time
to learn about something that I care about
which is Webpack, I love Webpack.
And that's what this workshop is about.
So I like to set up expectations so
that you're
not just kind of sitting waiting for
something that's never gonna happen.
So we're going to be migrating an existing
JavaScript application to Webpack 2.
That's the entire course is
migrating this application.
It's pretty basic,
no build system at all applications,
so you've got an index HTML with
some script tags and some CSS.
So pretty basic, and
we are using Webpack 2.
So it's, I don't think that it's really
useful to teach you a technology
that's about to get a major upgrade.
Especially when Webpack 2,
not only is it really good,
the beta is really good,
but it's almost released, they've pretty
much committed to the end of August.
So that's pretty exciting.
And the main thing that's holding it back
is documentation, which yeah, that's that.
Webpack is getting a whole
ton of attention now,
especially since the Angular CLI has
adopted it as it's kinda under workings.
And then React has the Create React App
that's using Webpack.
So it's like this is
the thing to know these days.
So it's awesome.
So yeah, Webpack is getting a lot
more attention than it already has.
And it's gonna just keep getting better.
So yeah, we will be doing Webpack 2.
We're going to do unit testing,
because unit testing I think everybody
appreciates the value of testing.
And appreciates how difficult
tooling is to set up, and
that's what this whole workshop is about,
the workshops about tooling.
So we'll be using Mocha, anybody
here familiar with Mocha, use Mocha?
Cool, okay.
Anybody use Karma?
Yeah Karma, who uses Karma?
So anybody used Jasmine?
Okay, sweet Jasmine is awesome too.
I prefer Mocha.
Chai, anybody used Chai before?
Okay, yeah, we'll be using Chai.
Cool.
And then we'll be using all these features
that I have listed here, tree-shaking,
code splitting, hashing for
long term caching, chunking,
service worker and more.
So if you don't know all those
terms you'll know them well.
That's great because that's
what you're here for.
And we're gonna be talking about that.
And then we'll be deploying
the app to surge.sh.
Who is familiar with that service?
Okay, it's great,
it's a CDN that basically you just give it
static files and it's really, really fast.
Yeah, and it's like caching
strategy is really great too and
it g-zips your stuff for
you, it's awesome.
So by the end of the day,
you will all have to do MVC,
deploy it to your own surge.sh URL.
So that'll be fun.
You can share with your friends and
write down todos and stuff.
So a couple things that we're
not going to get too far into.
So I'm not gonna talk about every feature
available in Webpack or its ecosystem.
We're not actually going to write
plugins or loaders unless we have time.
I have written a plugin and some loaders.
And so if we have time at the end
then maybe we'll look into it but
I don't have anything in this module.
In the pre-event survey that I sent out,
several of you were
really hoping to get into plugins and
loaders and writing your own.
Let me just say that I have been using
Webpack for over a year and a half and
I have only needed to write a custom
plugin or loader like a couple times.
There are so many plugins and loaders
already that you generally don't need your
own and the documentation is improving.
So writing writing these
is becoming easier.
And then also lots of the features that
I'm gonna be talking about are not really
applicable to every application
that you can possibly dream up.
For some applications long term hashing
and/or long term caching of assets,
is actually not the best approach.
It just kind of depends on the type
of application you're using.
Also for an Angular 1 app, it's pretty
difficult to do code splitting just
because of the way that Angular 1 works.
And so
some of these features may not apply to or
be useful for all applications,
so just be aware that.
Hopefully, you all have everything set up.
These are the things that you
definitely are gonna need.
I tried to do something this morning or
last night to make it so
you wouldn't need node version 6 version,
version 4 or
even an older version
of node would suffice.
But I haven't actually tested that.
So, hopefully, everybody has node 6.
It should work with node 6 and
also it should work with Windows.
I know that there have been a little
bit of difficulties with Windows and
I tried to fix most of
those things last night.
If you have linting problems ask Kent back
there because he has linting problems too
with Windows.
And hopefully we can work together
to figure out what that problem is.
Luckily, linting isn't like
critical to this workshop so.
Okay, so let's go ahead and get started.
This is the set up.
I'm actually just going to
go back up to where I copied
this in the chat somewhere I copied
the set up, I'm gonna chat it again.
So if you need that,
that is what you need to be doing
while I'm getting started talking.
By the end of it,
you should be able to run npm start and
then open up a localhost 8080 and
this is what you should see.
If you don't see that,
then there is a problem.
And [COUGH] after I finish
talking I'll double check, or
you can ask your neighbor.
But that would be yeah,
you need to have this up before we can
actually start working on the workshop.